*: add br tool doc and refine mydumper/loader doc (#1680)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/maintain/backup-and-restore/mydumper-loader.md

---

> title: Use `mydumper`/`loader` to Backup and Restore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use `mydumper` and  `loader` to Back up and Restore Data
```

> summary: Learn how to backup and restore the data of TiDB using `mydumper`/`loader`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to back up and restore the data of TiDB using `mydumper` and `loader`.
```

category: how-to
aliases: ['/docs/dev/how-to/maintain/backup-and-restore/']
---

> # Use `mydumper`/`loader` to Backup and Restore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use `mydumper` and `loader` to Back up and Restore Data
```

> This document describes how to back up and restore the data of TiDB using `mydumper`/`loader`. Currently, this document only covers full backup and restoration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to back up and restore the data of TiDB using `mydumper` and `loader`. Currently, this document only covers full backup and restoration.
```
